Feature: Broadcom Cloud SWG (#1567)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/cloud_and_saas/broadcom_cloud_swg.md

- Access to Sekoia.io Intakes and Playbook pages with write permissions

### Generate Broadcom Cloud SWG credentials credentials

This instruction will share all necessary steps you should follow to generate credentials to interact with API:

- In the Cloud SWG portal, select Account ConfigurationAPI Credentials.
- Click `Add API Credentials`. 
- The New API Credential dialog will contain randomly generated characters in the `Username` and `Password` fields. Save them.

    ![Broadcom Cloud SWG Credentials](/assets/instructions/broadcom/credentials.png){ align=center width=100% }

Find more information in official [Documentation](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/symantec-security-software/web-and-network-security/cloud-swg/help/cloudswg-api-reference/api-keys.html)

## Sekoia.io configuration procedure

### Create an intake

Go to the [intake page](https://app.sekoia.io/operations/intakes) and create a new intake from the format `Broadcom Cloud SWG`. Copy the intake key.

### Pull events

To start to pull events, you have to:

1. Go to the [playbooks page](https://app.sekoia.io/operations/playbooks) and create a new playbook with the `Get Broadcom Cloud SWG events` trigger

> 2. Set up the module configuration with the Api Key and Account Id. Set up the trigger configuration with the intake key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set up the module configuration with the username and the password. Set up the trigger configuration with the intake key
```
